Clean up installation and configuration guide (#6978)
goharbor/harbor: docs/user_guide.md

# Harbor User Guide

This guide walks you through the fundamentals of using Harbor. You'll learn how to use Harbor to:  

* [Manage your projects](#managing-projects)
* [Manage members of a project](#managing-members-of-a-project)
* [Replicate projects to a remote registry](#replicating-images)
* [Retag images within Harbor](#retag-images)
* [Search projects and repositories](#searching-projects-and-repositories)
* [Manage labels](#managing-labels)
* [Manage Harbor as the system administrator:](#administrator-options)
  * [Manage users](#managing-user)
  * [Manage endpoints](#managing-endpoint)
  * [Manage replication policies](#managing-replication)
  * [Manage authentication](#managing-authentication)
  * [Manage project creation](#managing-project-creation)
  * [Manage self-registration](#managing-self-registration)
  * [Manage email settings](#managing-email-settings)

>   * [Manage registry in a read-only fashion](#managing-registry-read-only)

Reviewer: What about

```suggestion
  * [Putting the Registry in Read-Only Mode](#managing-registry-read-only)
```
